Fix cross references (#30)
s-makin/discourse-offline-helper: README.md

Here are some of the link-related warnings and fixes:

**Mismatched anchor**
```shell
WARNING: 'myst' cross-reference target not found: 'normal-looking-anchor'
```
Reason: This is probably because that anchor used to reference a manually created HTML heading. This means that it used to be `#heading--normal-looking-anchor`. The script automatically [replaces HTML headings with markdown ones](https://github.com/s-makin/discourse-offline-helper/pull/30), and removes the `heading--` prefix from the links. But the anchor you're left with may still not be a direct match with the heading name.

Fix: Manually replace that link with an anchor that corresponds to the actual name of the heading. See [this internal document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1g56unMuhh5RcgfYew2c3AEClaBjYD9L5toF5xn3F5WY/edit?tab=t.0#heading=h.evr6ovkd4cbp) for more help finguring out the right heading anchor.

**Invalid topic ID**
```shell
WARNING: 'myst' cross-reference target not found: ''
WARNING: 'myst' cross-reference target not found: '/'
```
Reason: The Discourse link (`/t/123`) references a page that is not in that documentation set's navtable, so the script doesn't know about it.

> Fix: Manually replace the reference with the full URL (`https://discourse.../t/123`).

Reviewer: In this case, can we auto inject the full URL, since it should be a static string prefix?

Author: This one is kind of tricky (and I think the tool's current solution is not quite right either).

So the current behavior is that the tool only replaces the link with a local path if the link is in the format `(/t/123)`. 

If it is in a URL format, like `https://discourse...`, it will keep the link as-is because it can't know whether that link belongs to the same doc set but happens to not be included in the navigation.

So when the script ends up creating empty targets (which then lead to that sphinx error), it means it found a `/t/123` but the ID didn't correspond to any of the pages it knows about.

**If that page is part of the documentation set:** Either the author doesn't want that page to show in the navigation, or forgot to put it there. In this case, the fix is to include it in the navigation (as a hidden line if necessary  `|  |  | [](/t/123)|`) or make use of the custom navtable option of the script (`--navtable`). 

**If that page is not part of the documentation set**: Then it should be turned into the full URL because it's an external link anyway.

So I think the fix I wrote in the README needs to be changed to something like:

```suggestion
Fix: If this page is NOT part of your documentation set, replace the reference with the full URL (`https://discourse.../t/123`).

If this page is part of your documentation set but not included in the navigation table, then you must either include it there or use a custom navtable (see the [argument descriptions](try-it-on-other-docs)) so that the tool knows to download it.
```

Author: So to answer your question finally (you can actually ignore all the above tbh):

We could do what you propose, but then the author would not have an error showing them that this page is not downloaded. They would have to find out by realizing that it's missing, or clicking on that link on their Sphinx docs and having it take them to a web browser instead of the local docs.

Reviewer: I think should be clear enough to explain what's needed - there are always going to be *some* exceptions that need special handling
